---
title: Terms Of Service
icon: lucide:asterisk
description: Usage terms of the public instance
badges:
  - value: "Last Updated: 2025-06-24"
editLink: false
---

::button-link{left-icon="lucide:rss" to="https://github.com/ast3risk-ops/archiver/commits/main.atom" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}
Subscribe to updates via RSS/Atom
::
:br
::alert{type="default" icon="lucide:info"}
These terms only apply to the [public instance](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1311438512045949029){ target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" }. If you disagree with the below terms, [host the bot yourself](/selfhost).
Self-hosted instances must abide by the [license](https://github.com/Ast3risk-ops/archiver/raw/main/LICENSE){ target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" } instead.
::
::alert{type="secondary" icon="📌"}
**TL;DR**: Archiver doesn't log your data, but you are responsible for archived content and how you use it. Archive with the message author's consent and in accordance with your local data privacy laws.
::
:br
# Terms of Service for Archiver

Welcome to Archiver! By using our bot, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the bot.

## 1. Acceptance of Terms
By using Archiver, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy. If you are using the bot on behalf of an organization, you represent that you have the authority to bind that organization to these terms.

## 2. Service Description
Archiver is designed to archive messages from Discord channels as specified by users. The bot will log messages, attachments, and other relevant data for a specific message. **Please note that Archiver does not store any messages or data; all logging is performed in real-time. Additionally, Archiver operates in compliance with Discord's [Terms of Service](https://discord.com/tos){ target="_blank" }.**

## 3. User Responsibilities
1. **Consent**: Users must ensure they have obtained consent from all parties involved in conversations before archiving any messages.
2. **Content Ownership**: You are responsible for any content that is archived through Archiver. Archiver's developers are not responsible for archived content or any consequences arising from its storage or use.

## 4. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the developers of Archiver shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising from your use of the bot or any content archived through it. This includes but is not limited to: claims related to privacy violations, data breaches, and misuse of archived information.

## 5. Data Retention and Privacy
- **Data Handling**: The bot itself does not retain any archived data after it has been processed in real-time. Users should regularly review their data retention policies and ensure compliance with applicable laws regarding data privacy in their jurisdiction as well as Discord's [Terms of Service](https://discord.com/tos){ target="_blank" }.

- **User Data**: We do not sell or share user data with third parties without explicit consent unless required by law.

## 6. Changes to Terms
We may update these Terms from time to time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on our website or through the bot. We encourage you to review these terms periodically. Your continued use of the bot after any modifications constitutes acceptance of the new terms.

## 7. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of Québec and the laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

## 8. Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms of Service, please contact us at [me@asterisk.lol](mailto:me@asterisk.lol?subject=Archiver) or on an [available messaging platform](https://asterisk.lol/socials#messengers){ target="_blank" }.

------

If there is a conflict between the TL;DR and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service prevail.
